so we're just checking our bikes not
push bike to the motorbikes I wanted a
push bike but my only concern is my
knees my knees been playing up and it's
almost the same for a push bike as for a
motorbike casual discussion with their
loafers at this shop advisors there had
no bikes in working order so Robbie and
I went with a local of pupil on what is
a way to look at a few bikes and I guess
I just have to wait here and see what
the verdict is I mean I'm kinda useless
if I go I know nothing about bikes I
don't know how to drive bike or car it's
just like a horse but I'm sure after a
short experience I'll be a pro at it so
lots of worry
a lot
I didn't stay long checking out the
garbage the compartes they showed us and
requested something in better condition
it was so quick I forgot to even film
now we'll just be huh test riding a
couple of these motor fights and now
yeah I don't nothing about fight so make
it sold for that the color and the
colors will arrive but no it's a small
bike I don't want anything big I don't
want to think too fast cuz I don't know
now we needed my one will buy you
checked out the Third Reich and either
he reckons it's same but if you can find
another bike like
yeah I've tested our boys the first two
bikes that I picked it out first one is
a cosine a second early portion this
device for the last device affected
items arrive very well there's no black
smoke coming out the brakes delight all
that work
but we like it we're gonna give them a
deposit we have to talk about it with
the boys
yeah these two but 99% so we're gonna
we're gonna purchase this one pretty
good prize it comes in papers as well
crotch face yeah
as the maintenance sandwich
as a budget backpacker we decided to
check out another shop just in case
into a pleasant surprise we found three
bites and decent conditions which came
of saddlebags and the best of all it was
cheaper than the previous teary saw so
just at the bike shop now I'm gonna lay
down at the deposit on the bike pick
them up in a couple days when we get to
the adjustments speaks we give some
racks on the other bikes and then some
pennies and I'm gonna be good as gold
then I'll just have to learn how to
actually ride a bike we're picking up
our motorbikes I'm here with a pav and
Ravi and a few other boys it's all
coming it's all coming together
I'll tell you Hoffa I'll tell me after I
get home safely that it was a motorbike
I know you would worry if it's a if I
tell you I'm riding a motorbike so I'm
not gonna
it's for your safety so it Israel what
are you thinking blood yeah
just thinking about the idea what would
you like to to get along because I know
this is plenty of scooters for sale I
just want to see them riding in the
would help and then I'll think about it
I got the papers I guess the
certification that this is a certified
by so here we go you got the bonus on
the bonus and this is your license plate
number Rach
skin everything sordid legal paperwork
legal tendons and all that jazz my first
automobile now we're just getting into
right
I guess receipt a proof of purchase that
were purchasing uh a motorbike is the
last thing with Warren design team
pulled over by the police or even at the
border and saying this is in your part
my mama Baba this way we can actually
get him on footage is Ross I should show
it to him if I have any troubles but I'm
pretty sure he won't have troublesome
definitely very excited we got an
Israeli guy just behind me look at these
loops in his lips thinking of what you
can do it so how you feeling look at it
we're finding it's absurd insightful it
he wants to know what she yeah all right
you're gonna we're gonna head back and
also with drop these off and later on
probably take it for when the streets
died on everybody boys take it for a
quick ride in South Bend around 4:00
a.m. we'll probably go for a spin with
the street stock attack
so we hope that this gives you a little
inspiration to be more adventurous in
your next true because if three clueless
guys like us can do it so can you
if you're deciding to attempt a
motorcycle adventure in Vietnam make
sure you look at a number of bikes
before purchasing you found out from
meeting other travelers that the
cheapest place to buy motorbikes is in
Hanoi and a helpful tip if you're buying
a motorbike in Cambodia allow you won't
be able to take it in to Vietnam so it's
best to start off in Vietnam as you're
allowed to cross the other way and don't
forget to purchase a bike with papers
which is basically a laminated card with
the original owners details without this
you won't be allowed to cross over and
if you're worried about breaking down
don't be there's always someone a short
distance away that has a makeshift
garage to help you as we found out on
numerous occasions so from the
unemployed life enjoy your adventure and
have a safe journey